# CAP6610 Term Project README

# checkpoints

Folder that stores state dictionaries for the Discriminator, Generator, and their optimizers, when training the GAN for video generation using train_golf.py.

# checkpoints-ft-bin

Folder that stores state dictionaries for the Discriminator and its optimizer when fine-tuning the GAN's discriminator for binary video classification using test_golf-binary.py.

# genvideos
Folder that stores videos generated by the GAN when it is trained for video generation using train_golf.py.

# logs
Folder that stores error and standard output log files for all the jobs, including video generation and classification.

 - train-videogan-old.out and train-videogan-old.err
	 - Results for the first video generation job. It stopped after 100 hours because it ran out of time.
 - train-videogan.out and train-videogan.err
	 - I continued the first video generation job and trained it further for epochs 8-9, by loading the state dictionaries.
 - test-videogan-bin.out and test-videogan-bin.err
	 - Results for the binary video classification job. test-videogan-bin.out shows the classification accuracy for this task.
 - test-videogan.out and test-videogan.err
	 - The job for multi-label video classification. This job did not finish running. test-videogan.err shows the error I experienced when running this job: 
	 - "RuntimeError: stack expects each tensor to be equal size, but got [1, 0] at entry 0 and [2, 59904] at entry 1"

# partition.ipynb
Jupyter notebook for partitioning the UCF-101 dataset.

# slurm-scripts
Folder containing slurm scripts to run the different python files on HiPerGator.

- train-videogan.sh
	 - Slurm script for running train-golf.py
 - test-videogan.sh
	 - Slurm script for running test-golf_ucf101.py
 - test-videogan-bin.sh
	 - Slurm script for running test-golf_binary.py

# test-golf_binary.py
Python file for fine-tuning the pretrained Discriminator for binary video classification on a dataset of YoYoing and Kayaking videos.

# test-golf_ucf101.py
Python file for fine-tuning the pretrained Discriminator for video classification on UCF101. This file did not run successfully.

# train-golf.py
Python file for training the GAN from scratch for video generation on the Golf scenes dataset.

# ucfTrainTestlist
Folder containing text files with train/test splits for UCF101 and the class indices.

# ucfTrainTestlist-binary
Folder containing the text files with train/test splits for the dataset of YoYoing and Kayaking videos, and the class indices.

# utils.py
Python file with utility functions for reading, writing, and processing images and videos.

# Additional folders not included due to Canvas submission size limit
- golf
	- dataset of golf videos, preprocessed and stabilized.
- UCF-101-min
	- dataset of UCF101 videos, not partitioned
- UCF-101-partitioned
	- dataset of UCF101 videos, partitioned
